[DOCS] Migrate Behavioral Analytics docs to ES ref (#100704)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/behavioral-analytics/behavioral-analytics-event.asciidoc

[[behavioral-analytics-event]]
=== View Behavioral Analytics events
++++
<titleabbrev>View events</titleabbrev>
++++

[TIP]
====
Refer to <<behavioral-analytics-event-reference>> for a complete list of the fields logged by events.
====

> Once you've started *tracking events* using the https://github.com/elastic/behavioral-analytics-tracker/tree/main#readme[Behavioral Analytics Tracker^], you can view them in the Kibana UI.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion:
```suggestion
Once you've started *tracking events* using the https://github.com/elastic/behavioral-analytics-tracker/tree/main#readme[Behavioral Analytics Tracker^], you can view them on a pre-built dashboard in {kib}.
```
